# The-AgroTips-Project
AgroTips is the idea of a system that collects data from the environment of a greenhouse tomato plant and analyzes it. After the data are analyzed, an email is formed based on the diagnosis made from the analysis and sent to the user. This procedure happens every five hours except if the user prefers another time window.

The data is collected by sensors and a camera. Once collected, they are sent to a “main” system through the MQTT protocol. The main system, saves the data sent to it, to the IBM cloud in two different buckets, one bucket saves .db files that each time contain the data collected and the date - time (those .db files can be fused to one .db file that contains all the data collected) and one bucket with the images collected. After being saved, the received data will be processed. For the images, an image recognition model was created with seven classes: Alternaria solani, Ash Rot, Cladosporium Leaf Mold, Downy Mildew, Powdery Mildew, Pseudomonas syringae, Xanthomonas campestris, and Septoria lycopersici. An email will be sent to the user containing the information collected and the diagnosis the program made based on that information. If any unhealthy values are spotted on the sensor data, the user will be notified in the mail and also given advice. In case of disease, it must be cleared that only an agronomist or someone with similar authority must provide advice, because chemicals can be very dangerous for the crops and the plant ecosystem. As mentioned in the email that will be sent to the user AgroTips is created to assist agronomists by providing information about the situation. The program does not and should not advise anything that vast decisions that could potentially damage the crops or about plant illness situations due t the risk of destroying crops. Last but not least, the user will receive the image taken of the plants, to have a personal look over what the system diagnosed of.
